Preamble
HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company Limited will 
cover all Insured Persons under this Policy upto the Sum 
Insured. The insurance cover is governed by, and subject to, 
the terms, conditions and exclusions of this Policy.
Section A. DEFINITIONS
The terms defined below and at other junctures in the Policy 
Wording have the meanings ascribed to them wherever they 
appear in this Policy and, where appropriate, references to 
the singular include references to the plural; references to 
the male include the female and references to any statutory 
enactment include subsequent changes to the same:
1. Standard Definitions
Def. 1. Accident or Accidental means a sudden, unforeseen 
and involuntaryevent caused by external and visible means
Def. 2. Any One Illness means continuous period of illness 
and it includes relapse within 45 days from the date of last 
consultation with the Hospital/nursing home where treatment 
may have been taken.
Def. 3. Cashless facility means a facility extended by the 
insurer to the insured where the payments, of the costs of 
treatment undergone by the insured in accordance with the 
policy terms and conditions, are directly made to the network 
provider by the insurer to the extent pre-authorization 
approved.
Def. 4. Condition Precedent means a policy term or 
condition upon which the Insurer’s liability under the policy 
is conditional upon.
Def. 5. Disclosure of information norm means the policy 
shall be void and all premiums paid hereon shall be forfeited 
to the Company, in the event of misrepresentation, misdescription or non-disclosure of any material fact
Def. 6. Emergency Care means management for a severe 
illness or injury which results in symptoms which occur 
suddenly and unexpectedly, and requires immediate care by 
a medical practitioner to prevent death or serious long term 
impairment of the insured person’s health 
Def. 7. Congenital Anomaly An external congenital 
anomaly refers to a condition(s) which is present since birth, 
in the visible and accessible parts of the body, and which is 
abnormal in reference to form, structure or position.
a) Internal Congenital Anomaly: Which is not in the visible 
and accessible parts o f the body is called Internal Congenital 
Anomaly
b) External Congenital Anomaly: Which is in the visible and 
accessible parts o f the body is called External Congenital 
Anomaly.
Def. 8. Copayment means a cost-sharing requirement 
under a health insurance Policy that provides that the policy 
holder / insured will bear a specified percentage of the 
admissible costs. A Co-Payment does not reduce the Sum 
Insured. 
Def. 9. Critical Illness means Cancer of specified severity, 
Open Chest CABG, First Heart Attack of specified severity, 
Kidney Failure requiring regular dialysis, Major Organ/
Bone Marrow Transplant, Multiple Sclerosis with Persisting 
Symptoms, Permanent Paralysis of Limbs, Stroke resulting 
in Permanent Symptoms as defined below only: 
i) Cancer of specified severity:
I. A malignant tumor characterized by the uncontrolled growth 
and spread of malignant cells with invasion and destruction 
of normal tissues. This diagnosis must be supported by 
histological evidence of malignancy. The term cancer
includes leukemia, lymphoma and sarcoma.
II. The following are excluded –
i. All tumors which are histologically described as carcinoma 
in situ, benign, pre-malignant, borderline malignant, low 
malignant potential, neoplasm of unknown behavior, or noninvasive, including but not limited to: Carcinoma in situ of 
breasts, Cervical dysplasia CIN-1, CIN - 2 and CIN-3.
ii. Any non-melanoma skin carcinoma unless there is 
evidence of metastases to lymph nodes or beyond;
iii. Malignant melanoma that has not caused invasion 
beyond the epidermis;
iv. All tumors of the prostate unless histologically classified 
as having a Gleason score greater than 6 or having 
progressed to at least clinical TNM classification T2N0M0
v. All Thyroid cancers histologically classified as T1N0M0 
(TNM Classification) or below;
vi. Chronic lymphocytic leukaemia less than RAI stage 3
vii. Non-invasive papillary cancer of the bladder histologically 
described as TaN0M0 or of a lesser classification,
viii. All Gastro-Intestinal Stromal Tumors histologically 